THe neural network proposed 100 years ago looks very similar to the one we use for computers. 
Data models start with randomness so they dont make assumptions
this course will focus on images
in 2007 the machines were not able to unshuffle images of cats and dogs.
Spectogram looks fun. all links are shared on the professors folder

# 8/27/24
The reason for AI malfunctions is because they see an insane amount of stuff.
Scalar is across, Vectors is vertical, matrix is the combination, a 3d version is called a tenser
Pytorch and tenserflow are computer languages high paying jobs
batch (how many, height of image, width of the image, and color channels (bw is 1, rbg is a 3, hyperspectral has more than these but the basic is the 3)
channel 4 is rgb alpha where it has a transparency

Sick animals
fake cards vs real cards
black and white has 256 levels, there can be b/w rbg, multipspectral or hyperspectural

imread is image read in python
half a byte is called a nibble lol
you can get the color map (cmap) through a site

9/10/24
X base time Weight base apllied to get an output
the same applied can be weighted from others. 
trying to figure out what factors might be more important than others. to give a decision of a yes or no similarity
This is similar to last semester where using neural networks and removing columns based on the r squared

9/12/24
Tenserflow playground
classigy space to make a decision, what we are going to do with out images.
convulutional network
  - what are all the layers and how does it work
We are going to use Alexnet to do this; to have the picture be made to select a label for an image.

Take the images as 28x28 and vectorize (which draw it by pixel as a straight line)
  this goes to 784 rows and 1 column and then it will reorganizae it into an amage again.
One hot vector is the number 1 to 10 (number starts at 0 numbers) to pick one number, as all other are off the one it chose is on.
Example:
    0000100000 = number 5 was chosen

9/17/24
taking an image and make a decision from it.
